h1. Parcel Calculator

A native Mac OS X application, mainly for calculating girth, volumetric weight and for tracking parcels. It is written in ObjC / Cocoa with extensive usage of Objective-C 2.0 sytnax. Newer technologies such as garbage collection require Snow Leopard (or higher) to work properly. 

h2. Features

* calculation of girth and volumetric weight
* parcel tracking
* integrated parcel library
* usage of metric or US-customary measurement system
* Direct Parcel Distribution conformity tests
* Sparkle software update
* user preferences
* integrated help
* multi-language: English and German
* beautiful designed graphical user interface
* Open Source release under the FreeBSD license

Supported providers for parcel tracking:
  
* DHL
* DPD
* FedEx
* GLS
* Hermes
* ParcelForce
* Royal Mail
* UPS

h2. What are these values for?

The girth of an object is a measurement around it. It is often used by postal services and delivery companies as basis for pricing. The volumetric weight indicates how much space a parcel takes up in relation to its weight, charges for air freight are based on this value.

h2. Screenshots

Please visit "the gallery":http://byteproject.net/parcelcalculator_gallery to see some screenhots of Parcel Calculator in action.

h2. pcp (Parcel Calculator Portable)

If you work with other operating systems, you might prefer "pcp":http://github.com/ByteProject/pcp (Parcel Calculator Portable), which is a command line variant written in portable C and aimed to compile on every conceivable platform. It is also hosted here at GitHub.

"http://github.com/ByteProject/pcp":http://github.com/ByteProject/pcp
